[OSDOCS-12980]Non-ROSA workloads on control plane and infra nodes (#86554)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-sdpolicy-instance-types.adoc

ifndef::rosa-with-hcp[]
Single availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control plane nodes, 2 infrastructure nodes, and 2 worker nodes deployed to a single availability zone.

Multiple availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control plane nodes, 3 infrastructure nodes, and 3 worker nodes.

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat; these nodes are automatically resized based on the resource utilization. To proactively resize these nodes in anticipation of change in cluster utilization, open a support case. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes deployed in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. You will be responsible for such workloads deployed on these nodes in ensuring they are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. Red{nbsp}Hat may notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.

Reviewer: I would suggest breaking the paragraph for better readability. I would also suggest adding the information about the support as an admonition, since it can lead to data loss ([RH style guide link](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions)).

```suggestion
Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat. These nodes are automatically resized based on the resource utilization. To resize these nodes in anticipation of change in cluster use, open a support case. 

Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. You are responsible for ensuring that workloads deployed on these nodes are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. Red{nbsp}Hat might notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.

[WARNING]
====
Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. 
====
```

Other suggestions used: 
* Removed the double usage of the word "deployed"
* Replaced the future tense with present tense (as per IBM style guide: [link](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=grammar-verbs#tense))
* Changed "may" to "might" in the last sentence as per [IBM style guide](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#m)

Reviewer 2: I agree with @eromanova97 . The [paragraph](https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=format-paragraphs) is a wall of text that should be broken into three sections, where each paragraph

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat; these nodes are automatically resized based on the resource utilization. To proactively resize these nodes in anticipation of change in cluster utilization, open a support case. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes deployed in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. You will be responsible for such workloads deployed on these nodes in ensuring they are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. Red{nbsp}Hat may notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.

Reviewer: The link for daemonsets shows an error as it is rendering as: `https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/(`

I think removing the `(` bracket after the `daemonset/` should fix that.

Reviewer 2: I agree. The links points to a 404. Inline links might not be good for accessibility needs. Consider moving the link to the Additional resources section.

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat; these nodes are automatically resized based on the resource utilization. To proactively resize these nodes in anticipation of change in cluster utilization, open a support case. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes deployed in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. You will be responsible for such workloads deployed on these nodes in ensuring they are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. Red{nbsp}Hat may notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.

Reviewer: I know that this section already contains a note admonition, plus I am suggesting a warning admonition, so adding more could make it too much. However, the whole part about the deployment of workloads might be suited as an important admonition as it seems like an information that should not be disregarded. Especially since it can mess with the Service Level Agreement. In the current state, it seems to be quite hidden within the text. 
So the possible suggestion would be to make it like this:
````
[IMPORTANT]
====
Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. 
You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. 

You are responsible for ensuring that workloads deployed on these nodes are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. 
Red{nbsp}Hat might notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.
====
````

Reviewer 2: +1 Eliska. A warning would be suitable for the SLA reference.

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat; these nodes are automatically resized based on the resource utilization. To proactively resize these nodes in anticipation of change in cluster utilization, open a support case. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes deployed in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. You will be responsible for such workloads deployed on these nodes in ensuring they are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. Red{nbsp}Hat may notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat. These nodes are automatically resized based on the resource use. If you need to resize these nodes to meet cluster demands, open a support case.

[NOTE]
====
Shutting down the underlying infrastructure by using the cloud provider console is unsupported and can cause data loss.
====

You must deploy workloads on worker nodes that exist in the cluster by using {product-title} machine pools. You can run only node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. 

Ensure that any workloads running on these nodes are secure, scalable, and compatible with a version of {product-title}, so that Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for API server availability is not impacted.

[NOTE]
====
Red{nbsp}Hat might notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the {product-title} components are impacted.
====

Reviewer 2: Red Hat will automatically resize the nodes without customer engagement? Has this been clarified?

> Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat; these nodes are automatically resized based on the resource utilization. To proactively resize these nodes in anticipation of change in cluster utilization, open a support case. Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss. Workloads must be deployed on the worker nodes deployed in the cluster using {product-title} machine pools. You may only run node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/([daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes. You will be responsible for such workloads deployed on these nodes in ensuring they are secure, performant, and compatible with OpenShift versions so that the Service Level Agreement (SLA) for API server availability is not affected. Red{nbsp}Hat may notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the OpenShift components are impacted.

Reviewer 2: SME and QE reviews will be needed as some of this information pertains to impactful customer concerns.

> See the Red{nbsp}Hat Operator support section below for more information about Red{nbsp}Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following Red{nbsp}Hat Operator support section for more information about Red{nbsp}Hat workloads that must be deployed on worker nodes.
```
to  avoid the use of directions as per [RH style guide](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#accessibility-visual-info)

endif::rosa-with-hcp[]

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: From the preview, the additional resources section under this module seems to be missing a link:
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/64ec11a7-a760-4dfc-87cc-17d19a8b4bad)

Reviewer 2: +1. This sentence should be removed.

Reviewer 2: Also, consider keeping the Add.resource links consistent: remove "For a detailed listing of supported instance types, see".

ifndef::rosa-with-hcp[]
Single availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control plane nodes, 2 infrastructure nodes, and 2 worker nodes deployed to a single availability zone.

Multiple availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control plane nodes, 3 infrastructure nodes, and 3 worker nodes.

Consider the following limitations when deploying and managing workloads:

* You must deploy workloads on worker nodes that exist in the cluster by using {product-title} machine pools.

> * Run only node-level workloads on the control plane and infrastructure nodes.

Reviewer 3: It perhaps make sense to clarify what we mean by node-level- I think the general idea here is to ask customers to run workloads that they consider essential on the control plane/infra as daemonsets.

> * Run only node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/[daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes.

Reviewer 2: I won't hold this PR because of this but is a link needed to daemonsets. This seems like a basic component of OCP/Kubernetes. I would only provide a link to external docs when really needed.

> * Ensure that any workloads running on these nodes are secure, scalable, and compatible with a version of {product-title}, so that Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for API server availability is not impacted.

Reviewer 3: s/Agreements/Agreement (SLA)

Also, can we make this line more unambiguous to say that this "responsibility" rests with the customer?

ifndef::rosa-with-hcp[]
Single availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control plane nodes, 2 infrastructure nodes, and 2 worker nodes deployed to a single availability zone.

Multiple availability zone clusters require a minimum of 3 control plane nodes, 3 infrastructure nodes, and 3 worker nodes.

Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by Red{nbsp}Hat. These nodes are automatically resized based on the resource use. If you need to resize these nodes to meet cluster demands, open a support case.

[NOTE]
====
Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss.

> ====

Reviewer 2: I agree. This is important information. From the [RH SSG](https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#admonitions):

![Screenshot from 2025-01-08 15-22-43](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e3417d2e-3601-4412-8449-e4a9281575c2)

You must deploy workloads on worker nodes that exist in the cluster by using {product-title} machine pools. You can run only node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/[daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes.

Ensure that any workloads running on these nodes are secure, scalable, and compatible with a version of {product-title}, so that Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for API server availability is not impacted.

[NOTE]
====
Red{nbsp}Hat might notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the {product-title} components are impacted.

> ====

Reviewer: I am still not sure about having this information that seems like it should not be disregarded like this. So I wast thinking of a possible solution, what about having something like this:

```
*Paragraph 1:* Single availability zone clusters ...

*Paragraph 2:* Multiple availability zone clusters ....

*Paragraph 3:*
Consider the following limitations when deploying and managing workloads:

  * You must deploy workloads on worker nodes that exist in the cluster by using {product-title} machine pools. 
  * Run only node-level workloads (link:https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/daemonset/[daemonsets]) on the control plane and infrastructure nodes.
  * Ensure that any workloads running on these nodes are secure, scalable, and compatible with a version of {product-title}, so that Service Level Agreements (SLAs) for API server availability is not impacted.

  Red{nbsp}Hat might notify you and resize the control plane or infrastructure nodes if the {product-title} components are impacted.

*Paragraph 4:* Control plane and infrastructure nodes are deployed and managed by.....
[WARNING]
Shutting down the underlying infrastructure through the cloud provider console is unsupported and can lead to data loss.
```

and then the rest. WDYT?
cc: @dfitzmau thank you for helping me figure this one out!

Reviewer 2: +1 @eromanova97 . This information structure would remove the need for a note-dense section.
